the transport ministry gave the
feasibility for it to build a
highway that will link the regions of
arequipa with mica the project includes the
road improvement
Pan-American South to make it four
lanes so he made it known the
congressman adjustment of a peace to whom
He also assured that the construction of
the highway in the variant of uchumayo
will start next month and will have a
investment of 129 million soles
this work will facilitate the execution of the
road between Arequipa and Ica has
already approved to the viability of need
public construction of the highway
ica arequipa this was a coal and the
Mr. Minister of Transport and
communications like good arequipeño
manifested in the commission of
transports last Friday that
is going to be a reality has already started the
studies and I think with this the
complementation of the construction or
restructuring of all variants
humanities at kilometer 4 is a reality
because next month not to say this of
the last days of this month are going to
start with an investment is almost 109
129 million would be this highway from /
ical is a highway of reik arequipa
in the sense that currently
there is only one round trip and
be the highway that is from Lima until
there that does nothing but prolong and link
up to the jewel because he's going to see the
another project that is going to go with
this way up to the scree that goes to
be another other track then we think of
that this is going to be a reality in this
next year of four lanes two of
gone 12 video the purpose of the
construction of this highway is
reduce the high accident rates
of traffic that are recorded between this one
In addition to remodeling the road
Pan-American South because it already has more than
50 years and does not meet the conditions
for high vehicular traffic are
about 600 kilometers of track that
will be rebuilt from icar and they are
on the plus or minus 600 500 kilometers
would reduce as far as the travel time
of rules that everything will not reduce much
but in avoiding accidents because
at this time the races at
roads are practically
obsolete are from the 50's and
We sincerely believe that you should
advance the structure also road
because the growth of the
technology both in trucks are no longer
because of 10 tons 15 tons are of
40 tons the elderly are 20
passengers and they are not up to 60 to 80
people then this requires being
expanded and the south of the country needs
urgently this from the highway to
that it was also announced that
for the year 2016 the state will culminate with
the works for the improvement of
all
the penetration roads that connect
the arequipa region to allow a
better transitability and that the population
High Andean can move without running
risks and in less time